.gitignore
.pre-commit-config.yaml
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
LICENSE
README.md
RELEASES.rst
TESTING.md
codecov.yml
pyproject.toml
pytest.ini
setup.cfg
.circleci/config.yml
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md
.github/workflows/circleci.yml
.github/workflows/pre-commit.yml
.github/workflows/release.yaml
.github/workflows/testing.yml
assets/cli/plot_metric.py
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/Changes
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/FAQ
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/FontLog.txt
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/Fontmap.CMU
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/INSTALL
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/OFL-FAQ.txt
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/OFL.txt
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/README
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/TODO
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunbbx.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunbi.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunbl.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunbmo.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunbmr.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunbso.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunbsr.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunbtl.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunbto.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunbx.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunbxo.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunci.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunit.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunobi.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunobx.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunorm.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunoti.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunrb.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunrm.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunsi.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunsl.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunso.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunss.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunssdc.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunst.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunsx.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmuntb.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunti.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmuntt.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmuntx.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunui.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunvi.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/cmunvt.ttf
assets/cm-unicode-0.7.0 2/fonts.scale
benchmarks/README.md
benchmarks/utils.py
benchmarks/cifar10/barlow-resnet18.py
benchmarks/cifar10/byol-resnet18.py
benchmarks/cifar10/byol-resnet50.py
benchmarks/cifar10/nnclr-resnet18.py
benchmarks/cifar10/simclr-resnet18.py
benchmarks/cifar10/vicreg-resnet18.py
benchmarks/diffusiondb2m/clip-vitb.py
benchmarks/imagenet100/barlow-resnet18.py
benchmarks/imagenet100/byol-resnet50-8gpus.py
benchmarks/imagenet100/clip-vitb-finetune.py
benchmarks/imagenet100/nnclr-resnet18.py
benchmarks/imagenet100/simclr-resnet18.py
benchmarks/imagenet100/vicreg-resnet50.py
docs/.DS_Store
docs/Makefile
docs/make.bat
docs/source/bibliography.rst
docs/source/conf.py
docs/source/contributing.rst
docs/source/index.rst
docs/source/references.bib
docs/source/releases.rst
docs/source/sg_execution_times.rst
docs/source/_templates/myclass_template.rst
docs/source/_templates/myfunc_template.rst
docs/source/api/backbone.rst
docs/source/api/data.rst
docs/source/api/forward.rst
docs/source/api/losses.rst
docs/source/api/manager.rst
docs/source/api/module.rst
docs/source/api/monitors.rst
docs/source/api/optim.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.backbone.ConvMixer.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.backbone.EvalOnly.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.backbone.MLP.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.backbone.Resnet9.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.backbone.TeacherStudentModule.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.backbone.from_timm.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.backbone.from_torchvision.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.backbone.mae.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.backbone.set_embedding_dim.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.callbacks.EarlyStopping.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.callbacks.ImageRetrieval.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.callbacks.LiDAR.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.callbacks.LoggingCallback.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.callbacks.ModuleSummary.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.callbacks.OnlineKNN.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.callbacks.OnlineProbe.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.callbacks.OnlineWriter.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.callbacks.RankMe.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.callbacks.SklearnCheckpoint.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.callbacks.TrainerInfo.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.Categorical.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.Collator.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.DataModule.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.ExponentialMixtureNoiseModel.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.ExponentialNormalNoiseModel.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.FromTorchDataset.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.GMM.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.HFDataset.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.MinariStepsDataset.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.RandomBatchSampler.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.RepeatedRandomSampler.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.Subset.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.SupervisedBatchSampler.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.bulk_download.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.dataset.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.download.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.fold_views.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.random_split.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.data.transforms.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.losses.BarlowTwinsLoss.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.losses.NTXEntLoss.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.losses.NegativeCosineSimilarity.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.losses.VICRegLoss.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.manager.Manager.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.module.Module.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.optim.CosineDecayer.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.optim.LARS.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.optim.LinearWarmup.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.optim.LinearWarmupCosineAnnealing.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.optim.LinearWarmupCyclicAnnealing.rst
docs/source/api/gen_modules/stable_pretraining.optim.LinearWarmupThreeStepsAnnealing.rst
docs/source/figures/logo.jpg
examples/README.rst
examples/imbalance_supervised_learning.py
examples/multi_layer_probe.py
examples/multi_probe.yaml
examples/simclr_cifar10_config.yaml
examples/supervised_learning.py
examples/wandb_figures.py
examples/wandb_reader.py
stable_pretraining/__about__.py
stable_pretraining/__init__.py
stable_pretraining/_version.py
stable_pretraining/cli.py
stable_pretraining/config.py
stable_pretraining/forward.py
stable_pretraining/losses.py
stable_pretraining/manager.py
stable_pretraining/module.py
stable_pretraining/run.py
stable_pretraining/static.py
stable_pretraining.egg-info/PKG-INFO
stable_pretraining.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
stable_pretraining.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
stable_pretraining.egg-info/entry_points.txt
stable_pretraining.egg-info/requires.txt
stable_pretraining.egg-info/top_level.txt
stable_pretraining/backbone/__init__.py
stable_pretraining/backbone/convmixer.py
stable_pretraining/backbone/mae.py
stable_pretraining/backbone/mlp.py
stable_pretraining/backbone/resnet9.py
stable_pretraining/backbone/utils.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/__init__.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/checkpoint_sklearn.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/clip_zero_shot.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/earlystop.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/embedding_cache.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/factories.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/image_retrieval.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/knn.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/latent_viz.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/lidar.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/probe.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/queue.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/rankme.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/teacher_student.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/trainer_info.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/utils.py
stable_pretraining/callbacks/writer.py
stable_pretraining/data/__init__.py
stable_pretraining/data/collate.py
stable_pretraining/data/dataset_stats.py
stable_pretraining/data/datasets.py
stable_pretraining/data/download.py
stable_pretraining/data/masking.py
stable_pretraining/data/module.py
stable_pretraining/data/sampler.py
stable_pretraining/data/synthetic_data.py
stable_pretraining/data/transforms.py
stable_pretraining/data/utils.py
stable_pretraining/optim/__init__.py
stable_pretraining/optim/lars.py
stable_pretraining/optim/lr_scheduler.py
stable_pretraining/optim/utils.py
stable_pretraining/tests/README.md
stable_pretraining/tests/conftest.py
stable_pretraining/tests/utils.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/__init__.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/test_backbone.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/test_checkpointing.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/test_datasets.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/test_image_retrieval.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/test_mae.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/test_mnist.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/test_probing.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/test_samplers.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/test_simclr.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/test_supervised.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/test_transforms.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/test_video_loading.py
stable_pretraining/tests/integration/test_writer.py
stable_pretraining/tests/scripts/test_wandb_callback.py
stable_pretraining/tests/scripts/train_simclr_cifar10_multigpu.py
stable_pretraining/tests/scripts/train_simclr_cifar10_multiopt.py
stable_pretraining/tests/scripts/train_supervised_multigpu_requeue.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/__init__.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_backbone.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_checkpointing.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_clip_zero_shot.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_datasets.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_image_retrieval.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_mae.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_masking.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_metrics.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_mnist.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_nn_modules.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_nnclr.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_probing.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_queue_callback.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_samplers.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_simclr.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_supervised.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_symmetric_contrastive_loss.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_transforms.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_video_loading.py
stable_pretraining/tests/unit/test_writer.py
stable_pretraining/utils/__init__.py
stable_pretraining/utils/batch_utils.py
stable_pretraining/utils/config.py
stable_pretraining/utils/data_generation.py
stable_pretraining/utils/distance_metrics.py
stable_pretraining/utils/distributed.py
stable_pretraining/utils/inspection_utils.py
stable_pretraining/utils/lightning_patch.py
stable_pretraining/utils/log_reader.py
stable_pretraining/utils/nn_modules.py
stable_pretraining/utils/visualization.py