[console_scripts]
fillawsusage = rda_python_metrics.fillawsusage:main
fillcdgusage = rda_python_metrics.fillcdgusage:main
fillcodusage = rda_python_metrics.fillcodusage:main
fillcountry = rda_python_metrics.fillcountry:main
fillendtime = rda_python_metrics.fillendtime:main
fillgdexusage = rda_python_metrics.fillgdexusage:main
fillglobususage = rda_python_metrics.fillglobususage:main
fillipinfo = rda_python_metrics.fillipinfo:main
filloneorder = rda_python_metrics.filloneorder:main
fillosdfusage = rda_python_metrics.fillosdfusage:main
fillrdadb = rda_python_metrics.fillrdadb:main
filltdsusage = rda_python_metrics.filltdsusage:main
filluser = rda_python_metrics.filluser:main
fillzenodousage = rda_python_metrics.fillzenodousage:main
logarch.py = rda_python_metrics.logarch:main
pgperson = rda_python_metrics.pgperson:main
pgusername = rda_python_metrics.pgusername:main
viewallusage = rda_python_metrics.viewallusage:main
viewawsusage = rda_python_metrics.viewawsusage:main
viewcheckusage = rda_python_metrics.viewcheckusage:main
viewcodusage = rda_python_metrics.viewcodusage:main
viewordusage = rda_python_metrics.viewordusage:main
viewosdfusage = rda_python_metrics.viewosdfusage:main
viewrqstusage = rda_python_metrics.viewrqstusage:main
viewtdsusage = rda_python_metrics.viewtdsusage:main
viewwebfile = rda_python_metrics.viewwebfile:main
viewwebusage = rda_python_metrics.viewwebusage:main
