[swh.cli.subcommands]
swh.loader.core = swh.loader.cli

[swh.workers]
loader.arch = swh.loader.package.arch:register
loader.archive = swh.loader.package.archive:register
loader.aur = swh.loader.package.aur:register
loader.bioconductor = swh.loader.package.bioconductor:register
loader.conda = swh.loader.package.conda:register
loader.content = swh.loader.core:register_content
loader.cpan = swh.loader.package.cpan:register
loader.cran = swh.loader.package.cran:register
loader.crates = swh.loader.package.crates:register
loader.debian = swh.loader.package.debian:register
loader.deposit = swh.loader.package.deposit:register
loader.directory = swh.loader.core:register_directory
loader.golang = swh.loader.package.golang:register
loader.hackage = swh.loader.package.hackage:register
loader.hex = swh.loader.package.hex:register
loader.maven = swh.loader.package.maven:register
loader.npm = swh.loader.package.npm:register
loader.opam = swh.loader.package.opam:register
loader.pubdev = swh.loader.package.pubdev:register
loader.puppet = swh.loader.package.puppet:register
loader.pypi = swh.loader.package.pypi:register
loader.rpm = swh.loader.package.rpm:register
loader.rubygems = swh.loader.package.rubygems:register
