[console_scripts]
intelmq.bots.collectors.certat.blackkite.collector = intelmq_extensions.bots.collectors.blackkite.collector:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.collectors.certat.disp.collector = intelmq_extensions.bots.collectors.disp.collector:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.collectors.certat.xmpp.collector = intelmq_extensions.bots.collectors.xmpp.collector:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.experts.certat.certat_contact_intern.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.certat_contact_intern.expert:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.experts.certat.copy_extra.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.copy_extra.expert:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.experts.certat.event_group_splitter.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.event_group_splitter.expert:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.experts.certat.event_splitter.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.event_splitter.expert:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.experts.certat.replace_in_dict.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.replace_in_dict.expert:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.experts.certat.squelcher.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.squelcher.expert:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.experts.certat.vulnerability_lookup.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.vulnerability_lookup.expert:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.outputs.certat.mattermost.output = intelmq_extensions.bots.outputs.mattermost.output:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.outputs.certat.to_logs.output = intelmq_extensions.bots.outputs.to_logs.output:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.outputs.certat.xmpp.output = intelmq_extensions.bots.outputs.xmpp.output:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.parsers.certat.blackkite.parser = intelmq_extensions.bots.parsers.blackkite.parser:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.parsers.certat.disp.parser = intelmq_extensions.bots.parsers.disp.parser:BOT.run
intelmq.bots.parsers.certat.malwaredomains.parser = intelmq_extensions.bots.parsers.malwaredomains.parser:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.collectors.blackkite.collector = intelmq_extensions.bots.collectors.blackkite.collector:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.collectors.disp.collector = intelmq_extensions.bots.collectors.disp.collector:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.collectors.xmpp.collector = intelmq_extensions.bots.collectors.xmpp.collector:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.certat_contact_intern.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.certat_contact_intern.expert:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.copy_extra.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.copy_extra.expert:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.event_group_splitter.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.event_group_splitter.expert:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.event_splitter.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.event_splitter.expert:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.replace_in_dict.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.replace_in_dict.expert:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.squelcher.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.squelcher.expert:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.vulnerability_lookup.expert = intelmq_extensions.bots.experts.vulnerability_lookup.expert:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.outputs.mattermost.output = intelmq_extensions.bots.outputs.mattermost.output:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.outputs.to_logs.output = intelmq_extensions.bots.outputs.to_logs.output:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.outputs.xmpp.output = intelmq_extensions.bots.outputs.xmpp.output:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.parsers.blackkite.parser = intelmq_extensions.bots.parsers.blackkite.parser:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.parsers.disp.parser = intelmq_extensions.bots.parsers.disp.parser:BOT.run
intelmq_extensions.bots.parsers.malwaredomains.parser = intelmq_extensions.bots.parsers.malwaredomains.parser:BOT.run
intelmqcli = intelmq_extensions.cli.intelmqcli:main
intelmqcli_create_reports = intelmq_extensions.cli.create_reports:main
