.gitignore
.pre-commit-config.yaml
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
LICENSE.txt
README.md
env.yml
mypy.ini
pyproject.toml
run_mypy.sh
.github/dependabot.yml
.github/workflows/README.md
.github/workflows/build-executables.yml
.github/workflows/ci.yml
.github/workflows/docs.yml
.github/workflows/pre-commit.yml
.github/workflows/pypi.yml
docs/Makefile
docs/make.bat
docs/requirements.txt
docs/plan/BUILD_EXECUTABLES.md
docs/plan/LOGGING.md
docs/plan/TEST_IMPROVEMENT_PLAN.md
docs/source/api.rst
docs/source/changes.rst
docs/source/conf.py
docs/source/index.rst
docs/source/install.rst
docs/source/known_bugs.rst
docs/source/license.rst
docs/source/user_guide.rst
docs/source/_static/mda1D.jpg
docs/source/_static/mda2D.jpg
docs/source/_static/mdaBasic.jpg
docs/source/_static/mdaFit.jpg
docs/source/api/aboutdialog.rst
docs/source/api/app.rst
docs/source/api/chartview.rst
docs/source/api/data_cache.rst
docs/source/api/data_table_model.rst
docs/source/api/data_table_view.rst
docs/source/api/empty_table_model.rst
docs/source/api/fit_manager.rst
docs/source/api/fit_models.rst
docs/source/api/lazy_folder_scanner.rst
docs/source/api/lazy_loading_config.rst
docs/source/api/licensedialog.rst
docs/source/api/mainwindow.rst
docs/source/api/mda_file.rst
docs/source/api/mda_file_table_model.rst
docs/source/api/mda_file_table_view.rst
docs/source/api/mda_file_viz.rst
docs/source/api/mda_folder.rst
docs/source/api/mda_folder_table_model.rst
docs/source/api/mda_folder_table_view.rst
docs/source/api/opendialog.rst
docs/source/api/popup.rst
docs/source/api/progress_dialog.rst
docs/source/api/user_settings.rst
docs/source/api/utils.rst
docs/source/api/virtual_table_model.rst
scripts/numpy_hook.py
scripts/setup_cx_freeze.py
scripts/test_checks.py
src/__init__.py
src/mdaviz/__init__.py
src/mdaviz/aboutdialog.py
src/mdaviz/app.py
src/mdaviz/chartview.py
src/mdaviz/data_cache.py
src/mdaviz/data_table_model.py
src/mdaviz/data_table_view.py
src/mdaviz/empty_table_model.py
src/mdaviz/fit_manager.py
src/mdaviz/fit_models.py
src/mdaviz/lazy_folder_scanner.py
src/mdaviz/lazy_loading_config.py
src/mdaviz/licensedialog.py
src/mdaviz/logger.py
src/mdaviz/logging_config.py
src/mdaviz/mainwindow.py
src/mdaviz/mda_file.py
src/mdaviz/mda_file_table_model.py
src/mdaviz/mda_file_table_view.py
src/mdaviz/mda_file_viz.py
src/mdaviz/mda_folder.py
src/mdaviz/mda_folder_table_model.py
src/mdaviz/mda_folder_table_view.py
src/mdaviz/multidimensional_data_table_model.py
src/mdaviz/opendialog.py
src/mdaviz/popup.py
src/mdaviz/progress_dialog.py
src/mdaviz/py.typed
src/mdaviz/user_settings.py
src/mdaviz/utils.py
src/mdaviz/virtual_table_model.py
src/mdaviz.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/mdaviz.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/mdaviz.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/mdaviz.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/mdaviz.egg-info/requires.txt
src/mdaviz.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/mdaviz/resources/aboutdialog.ui
src/mdaviz/resources/apply.png
src/mdaviz/resources/back.png
src/mdaviz/resources/delete.png
src/mdaviz/resources/first.png
src/mdaviz/resources/first.png.png
src/mdaviz/resources/first.svg
src/mdaviz/resources/icons.pptx
src/mdaviz/resources/last.png
src/mdaviz/resources/last.svg
src/mdaviz/resources/licensedialog.ui
src/mdaviz/resources/mainwindow.ui
src/mdaviz/resources/mda_file.ui
src/mdaviz/resources/mda_file_table_view.ui
src/mdaviz/resources/mda_file_viz.ui
src/mdaviz/resources/mda_folder.ui
src/mdaviz/resources/mda_folder_table_view.ui
src/mdaviz/resources/next.png
src/mdaviz/resources/open.png
src/mdaviz/resources/open.svg
src/mdaviz/resources/plus.png
src/mdaviz/resources/popup.ui
src/mdaviz/resources/refresh.png
src/mdaviz/resources/select_fields_table_view.ui
src/mdaviz/resources/set.png
src/mdaviz/resources/viz.png
src/mdaviz/synApps_mdalib/METADATA
src/mdaviz/synApps_mdalib/README.md
src/mdaviz/synApps_mdalib/__init__.py
src/mdaviz/synApps_mdalib/f_xdrlib.py
src/mdaviz/synApps_mdalib/mda.py
src/tests/__init__.py
src/tests/conftest.py
src/tests/test_2d_i0_normalization.py
src/tests/test_2d_single_point.py
src/tests/test_aboutdialog.py
src/tests/test_app.py
src/tests/test_auto_load.py
src/tests/test_chartview.py
src/tests/test_data_cache.py
src/tests/test_fit_manager.py
src/tests/test_gui_components.py
src/tests/test_gui_integration.py
src/tests/test_i0_auto_uncheck.py
src/tests/test_i0_normalization.py
src/tests/test_lazy_loading.py
src/tests/test_mainwindow.py
src/tests/test_mainwindow_resizing.py
src/tests/test_mda_file.py
src/tests/test_multidimensional_data_table_model.py
src/tests/test_real_data_fixtures.py
src/tests/test_real_mda_loading.py
src/tests/test_unscaling_calculation.py
src/tests/test_unscaling_selection.py
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/19971234.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/Kappa_0003.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/Kappa_0004.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/Kappa_0005.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/Kappa_0006.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/Kappa_0007.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/Kappa_0008.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/Kappa_0009.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/Kappa_0010.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0001.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0002.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0003.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0004.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0005.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0006.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0008.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0011.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0012.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0013.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0016.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0017.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0018.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0019.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0020.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0370.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0371.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0372.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0373.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0374.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0375.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0376.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0377.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0378.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0379.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0383.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0386.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0387.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0388.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0389.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0390.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0391.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0392.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0393.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0394.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0396.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0398.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0399.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0401.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0402.mda
src/tests/data/mda 2D plus/mda_0403.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/mda_0001.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/mda_0002.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/mda_0003.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/mda_0006.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/mda_0007.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/mda_0008.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/mda_0009.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/mda_0010.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/mda_0011.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/mda_0012.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/nounderscoreprefix0008.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/prefix000001.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/prefix02.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/simple prefix 0007.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/some-other-prefix-00003.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/yet.anotherprefix.06.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/no_mda_folder/non_mda.txt
src/tests/data/test_folder1/test_folder1_2/mda_0023.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/test_folder1_2/mda_0024.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/test_folder1_2/mda_0025.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder1/test_folder1_2/mda_0026.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0019.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0020.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0021.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0022.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0023.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0024.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0025.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0026.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0027.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0028.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0029.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0030.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0031.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0032.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0033.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder2/mda_0034.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0001.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0002.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0003.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0004.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0005.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0006.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0007.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0008.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0009.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0010.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0011.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0012.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0013.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0014.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0015.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0016.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0017.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0018.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0019.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0020.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0021.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0022.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0023.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0024.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0025.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0026.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0027.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0028.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0029.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0030.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0031.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0032.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0033.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0034.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0035.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0036.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0037.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0038.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0039.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0040.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0041.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0042.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0043.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0044.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0045.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0046.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0047.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0048.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0049.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/mda_0050.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/mda_0051.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/mda_0061.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/mda_0062.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/mda_0063.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/mda_0064.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/mda_0065.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/mda_0066.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/mda_0067.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/mda_0068.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/mda_0052.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/mda_0053.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/mda_0059.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/mda_0060.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/mda_0069.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/subfolder3/mda_0054.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/subfolder3/mda_0055.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/subfolder3/mda_0056.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/subfolder3/subfolder4/mda_0057.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/subfolder3/subfolder4/mda_0058.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/subfolder3/subfolder4/mda_0070.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/subfolder3/subfolder4/mda_0071.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/subfolder3/subfolder4/subfolder5/mda_0072.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/subfolder3/subfolder4/subfolder5/mda_0073.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/subfolder3/subfolder4/subfolder5/mda_0074.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/subfolder3/subfolder4/subfolder5/subfolder6/mda_0075.mda
src/tests/data/test_folder3/subfolder1/subfolder2/subfolder3/subfolder4/subfolder5/subfolder6/mda_0076.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0001.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0002.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0003.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0004.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0005.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0006.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0007.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0008.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0009.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0010.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0011.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0012.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0013.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0014.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0015.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0016.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0017.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0018.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0019.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0020.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0021.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0022.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0023.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0024.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0025.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0026.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0027.mda
src/tests/data/test_no_positioner/ARPES_0028.mda
src/tests/data/time_scan/stinger_0002.mda
src/tests/data/time_scan/stinger_0003.mda
src/tests/data/time_scan/stinger_0004.mda